# 19.06.24

Attendance: SA, KC, AG, JF, RG

## Minutes
* RG gives a brief introduction about PyART
* Journal: 
  - KC: JOSS may be too restrictive (looked into it for gwforge)
  - AG: maybe we could/should write a "normal" paper with applications and release PyART with it
  - RG: Let's think abt it, still a lot of time 
* Uniforming input/ouput:
  - KC: PyCBC or PESummary can be used as guidelines
  - RG: still need to make our convention for some quantities (e.g. initial ADM E,J)
  - KC: for output, make everything a PyCBC TimeSeries?
  - All agree it's the most urgent thing to take care of
* NR catalogs:
  - SA: some scripts need to be removed/cleaned
  - RG,KC,AG: would be good to have methods to automaticaly download core/rit/maya wfs if requested
* Models:
  - SA: ringdown stuff, maybe moved to analysis? Think about global fits
* Scope:
  - AG: How ``big'' do we want this to become? E.g., do we also want stuff for ejecta postprocessing?
  - RG: I was thinking gravity mostly, but honestly I don't know

## Action items
* RG, KC: work on sxs,athena waveforms and unify input for those
* SA: will look into ICC waveforms, mismatches and then athena
* AG: will work on CoRe database
